Pack labels (#1456)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/03-cluster-profiles/01.5-create-add-on-profile.md

## Pack Labels and Annotations

You can specify Namespace labels and annotations to Add-on packs, and packs that are for Container Storage Interfaces (CSI) and Container Network Interfaces (CNI) drivers. These labels and annotations are applied to the Namespace that the pack is deployed to, or to a specific Namespace if specified. You can apply labels and annotations to the pack's YAML file.

The following parameters are available for specifying Namespace labels and annotations:

| **Parameter** | **Description** | **Type** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `namespace` | The Namespace that the pack is deployed to. If the Namespace does exists, then Palette will create the Namespace. | string |
| `additionalNamespaces`| A list of additional Namespaces that Palette will create. | list |
| `namespaceLabels` | A list of key value pairs that are applied to the Namespace. | list |
| `namespaceAnnotations` | A list of key value pairs that are applied to the Namespace. | list |

> The following example displays how to specify Namespace labels and annotations for an Add-on Pack, a CSI pack, and a CNI pack. In the example pack YAML configuration, the `wordpress` Namespace is created. An additional Namespace titled `wordpress-storage` is also created. In the parameters sections `namespaceLabels`, and `namespaceAnnotations`, each entry is made up of a key and a value. The key is the name of the target Namespace, and the value is the value of the label or annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to specify Namespace labels and annotations for an Add-on Pack, a CSI pack, and a CNI pack. In the example pack YAML configuration, the `wordpress` Namespace is created. An additional Namespace titled `wordpress-storage` is also created. In the parameters sections, `namespaceLabels` and `namespaceAnnotations`, each entry has a key and a value. The key is the name of the target Namespace, and the value is the value of the label or annotation.
```
